
PyGgy v0.4
Tim Newsham
2004 Oct 15
Public Domain


---[ Description

PyGgy is a python package for generating parsers and lexers in python.
The PyGgy distribution contains two tools:

    PyLly - (Pronounced "pile-ey") A lexer generator that generates
            DFA tables for lexing tokens.
    PyGgy - (Pronounced "piggy") A parser generator that generates 
            SLR tables for a GLR parsing engine.

The PyLly program is used to pregenerate tables for a finite state
machine from a lexer specification.  There is a lexer engine that uses
the tables to tokenize an input stream.

The PyGgy program is used to pregenerate parser tables from a parser
specification.  There is a GLR parsing engine that uses the tables 
to parse a stream of input tokens.  Because GLR parsing is used, the
parser can deal with arbitrary grammars, even if they are recursive
or ambiguous.

PyGgy is self hosting -- PyGgy parsers and PyLly lexers are used
to process the specification files used by both PyGgy and PyLly.

This is version 0.4 of PyGgy.  This release contains minor bug fixes
to the 0.3 release.
This is an alpha release;  the public interfaces are subject to
change, and there may be bugs in the code.  This
version of PyGgy is placed in the public domain.  This means anyone
can do anything with it with no restrictions whatsoever.

This version has been tested with Python 2.3.3.




---[ Installing

To install the PyGgy package, unpack the archive, change into the
"pyggy" directory and run the setup program:

    $ python setup.py install


---[ Documentation

Documenation can be found in HTML form in doc/html/index.html.
Other formats may be made with doc/Makefile.  This Makefile
depends on having the Python distribution around.  The path
to the distribution should be set at the top of the Makefile.

Online documentation can be found at:

   http://www.lava.net/~newsham/pyggy/html/



---[ Home Page, Author and Rights.

PyGgy's home page is currently http://www.lava.net/~newsham/pyggy/.
If this address changes in the future, this web page should point to
the new home page.

The author of this release can be reached at newsham@lava.net.

This package is placed in the public domain.  This means you can
do anything with it that your conscience sees fit (even if I object).

